hello how about again youtube friends
so that your friend battro good before
nothing an apology for no longer present
no video in this I want to show you
all my collection of noble collection of
Harry Potter
good and I have a problem then
unfortunately and it is very sad for me
appeal but I want to report that
I'm going to sell all my articles
harry potter all those who see in this
video
which are the map of the major and deco with the
display
the bellatrix wand
the set of brothers' wands
weasley
the reliquary
the light cane
and brooches houses
as well as I have nine wands
fits ollivanders
dumbledore's
the one of voldemort
sirius
draco
moody
snake
harry
german johnny and rum
I have seven wands in a new box
the professor slughorn mcdonagh narcisa
luna gym and the lupi teacher
Neville's also
good this
as I said to me I would not like
but I have to resort
what it is to sell
then in case someone is interested in
the description of the video I leave the
details and prices
is all the items are in
perfect and complete state
they were not mistreated they are not mistreated
then for someone who would like
get I would say that it will cheer up
are here
good and finally I want to tell you that
if someone will be interested and would like
buy one any item
I would send them for free
some obviously harry movie
potter or some book
These books are thick pasta
then they would be sent free
which any book would want
or any movie at the moment that
you would like to get any
Article
of the noble one of those that I have here
and nothing else you would send me a
message and you would decide
good friends this
I say goodbye I will not do more videos
obviously
but cheer up if they are interested let me
a message a comment
well here your friend 4 I say goodbye
bye